Update troubleshoot-azure-iis.md (#25360)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/test/troubleshoot-azure-iis.md

## App startup errors

> In Visual Studio, the ASP.NET Core projects default server is Kestrel. Visual studio can configued to use [IIS Express](/iis/extensions/introduction-to-iis-express/iis-express-overview). A *502.5 - Process Failure* or a *500.30 - Start Failure* that occurs when debugging locally with IIS Express can be diagnosed using the advice in this topic.

Author: ```suggestion
In Visual Studio,  the ASP.NET Core project default server is Kestrel. Visual studio can configured to use [IIS Express](/iis/extensions/introduction-to-iis-express/iis-express-overview). A *502.5 - Process Failure* or a *500.30 - Start Failure* that occurs when debugging locally with IIS Express can be diagnosed using the advice in this topic.
```

> In Visual Studio,  the ASP.NET Core project default server is Kestrel. Visual studio can configured to use [IIS Express](/iis/extensions/introduction-to-iis-express/iis-express-overview). A *502.5 - Process Failure* or a *500.30 - Start Failure* that occurs when debugging locally with IIS Express can be diagnosed using the advice in this topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Visual Studio, the ASP.NET Core project default server is Kestrel. Visual studio can be configured to use [IIS Express](/iis/extensions/introduction-to-iis-express/iis-express-overview). A *502.5 - Process Failure* or a *500.30 - Start Failure* that occurs when debugging locally with IIS Express can be diagnosed using the advice in this topic.
```
